Automated Market Maker (XLS-30d) reference documentation (#1541)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/_snippets/amm-disclaimer.md

> _Automated Market Maker (AMM) functionality is part of the proposed [XLS-30d](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/discussions/78) extension :not_enabled: to the XRP Ledger protocol. You can use these functions on AMM test networks, but there is not yet an official amendment and they are not yet available on the production Mainnet. Until there is an amendment, the details documented on these pages are subject to change._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Automated Market Maker (AMM) functionality is part of the proposed [XLS-30d](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/discussions/78) extension :not_enabled: to the XRP Ledger protocol. You can use these functions on AMM test networks, but there isn't an official amendment and they aren't available on the production Mainnet. Until there is an amendment, the details documented on these pages are subject to change._
```
Minor change to match style guide on contractions.
